Clarify key validation, as it is different for NIST curves and Curve25519/448 (#56)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

* Curve25519: The standard 32-byte representation of the public key
* Curve448: The standard 56-byte representation of the public key

Senders and recipients MUST implement the validations of KEM inputs

> and outputs imposed by the employed KEM algorithm, as described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Senders and recipients MUST validate KEM inputs and outputs as described
```

* `pkSm` - The sender's encoded public key (optional; default
  value `zero(Npk)`)

> 

Reviewer: We lost this recommendation (check `pkR`) in the new text. Can we bring it back?

Author: Please let me know if you think this is addressed by my most recent change.

* `pkSm` - The sender's encoded public key (optional; default
  value `zero(Npk)`)

Senders and recipients MUST implement the validations of KEM inputs

> and outputs imposed by the employed KEM algorithm, as described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Senders and recipients MUST validate KEM inputs and outputs as described
```

| 0x0020 | DHKEM(Curve25519) | 32   | 32  | {{?RFC7748}}   |
| 0x0021 | DHKEM(Curve448)   | 56   | 56  | {{?RFC7748}}   |

For the NIST curves P-256, P-384 and P-521, the Marshal function of the
DH scheme produces the normal (non-compressed) representation of the
public key, according to {{SECG}}.  When these curves are used, senders
and recipients MUST perform a full public-key validation as defined
in {{keyagreement}}, which includes validating that a public key is on
the curve and part of the correct prime-order subgroup.  The sender
MUST validate the recipient's public key `pkR`.  The recipient MUST
validate the ephemeral public key `pkE`.  In authenticated modes, the

> recipient MUST validate the sender's static public key `pkS`.

Reviewer: Can we move the text from "The sender MUST..." to the end of this paragraph to its own paragraph? By folding this into the paragraph specific to NIST curves, it might read as though it only applies to NIST curves, which is not the intent.

Author: I am not sure how to deal with this, so I'll lay out what my current view is: In the current version of HPKE, there is only NIST curves and Curve25519/448. Public key validation applies for the NIST curves but not for Curve25519/448. Which means in this context, it applies only to NIST curves.

Reviewer: This seems to be conflating two things: what curves require validation, and what keys are validated. I think we should separate these two. (I also think we should validate curve25519 and curve448 points, too, as the previous text suggested.)

scheme produces the normal (non-compressed) representation of the
public key, according to {{SECG}}.  When these curves are used, the
recipient of an HPKE ciphertext MUST validate that the ephemeral public
key `pkE` is on the curve and part of the correct prime-order subgroup.

> For authenticated modes the same validation MUST be done for  the static

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For authenticated modes the same validation MUST be done for the static
```
